add offline vsix instructions (#1099)
confluentinc/vscode: README.md

code --install-extension /path/to/vscode-confluent-vX.X.X.vsix
```

### Offline `.vsix` file installation

> If you need to install from a VSIX offline (and assuming you have [python](https://www.python.org/), [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/), and [offvsix](https://github.com/gni/offvsix), you can follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to obtain the latest VSIX for offline or behind-firewall installation or distribution (and assuming you have [python](https://www.python.org/), [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/), and [offvsix](https://github.com/gni/offvsix), you can follow these steps:
```
